Vaiable in demand services for starting out: 

1. Managed IT support and IT helpdesk:

Almost every business needs some sort of basic IT department
Costs are low, we only need to provide employees with simple training and a company laptop.
Monthly retainers draw roughly $175 per user for basic plans unlimited plans could cost more.

2. Cybersecurity Basics for Small - Medium sized businesses. 

Emphasize that security should be the companies number one concern when it comes to their data.
offer things like: 

Security Awareness Training - videos training staff on how to identify and block scams and spam emails.
Anti-virus and EDR setup - can be installed on company computers for peace of mind and EDR systems can be set up on medium sized companies switches.
Two factor authentication setups or MFA Rollout - ensures that the company logins are secured and backed by user authentication. 

3. Cloud Migrations (microsoft 365 setup / google workspace setup)

Migrate emails to office 365 or google.
set up microsoft teams for companies. 
setup google drive to store company data. 
setup AWS migrations for museums using Omeka and help them customize the way they want their information to be stored.
setup sql databses for comapny systems. 

4. Website hosting, Website stores and application developments snd email hosting.

Build basic websites for companies and upcharge them on hosting using AWS. 
Setup stores for company websites allowing them to sell their merchandise and you take a small % of every sale.
develop SMALL applications for companies to sell their merchansise. 

5. Network setups and optimization. 

Companies need switches to be configured and networks setup for large computers and office work. 
make it a point that a slow/unreliable network is costing them money and that by solving the problem they can make more money.
Install switches, run cables, routers, phones, and access points.

6. Security camera setups. 

companies need a reliable, secure, online security camera systems we can offer services to set them up, run cables and offer hosting plans
upcharging an amazon hosting service. 

7. Data backup and recovery

Companies may need large amounts of data backed up on a regular basis or kept secure in versions. In addition, 
they may have had a system problem that caused them to lose data offering recovery services could 
help them save time and money. 

8. Web application design

create web applications for companies to help them create and handle services for their clients
argue that a web app could help them make money as they can sell it to others and offer hosting at 
a markup. Scope of the project must be small however in the start. 
